my name's commander, Eric Hamon, Um, chaplain serving a top nav staff
up at the Pentagon. My journey really started in 1992 as an enlisted
sailor, where I made it up to Petty Officer First Class and around
2004 I felt a call to the ministry, and after completing both of my
degrees, I became a chaplain. There I served on different staffs, one
with Second Marine Aircraft Wing, where I earned my warfare pin, and
it served a very kinetic tour there in Afghanistan, followed by a
second tour with Naval Special Warfare Group two. And when the seal
teams were, we also had a lot of difficulty in country of Afghanistan.
From there I became an instructor and ultimately on the USS San
Antonio as a department head. Now I currently served on the staff under
a two star. I do have a wife of 25 years and four Children.